welcome to Assassin's Creed for the
black flag ship experience my name is
Mike Loades historian of weapons
historian in particular and I was lucky
enough to be invited by yourself to come
and advise on the creation of Black Flag
I'm going to give you a small
demonstration about the boarding weapons
used by pirates specifically about
pirates in the Golden Age of piracy in
1714 to 1725 that narrow window and
Edward Kenway only meets real-life
pirates who would have bestowed and
operated in that time period and I can't
tell you how impressed I was when I saw
the standard and the quality of the
stuff that they're producing they wanted
to get their history right now they
wanted to set this game in an authentic
historical world
our pirates have a number of things to
do and one of them is get rich by taking
treasure off on the ships and that's
quite a tricky thing to do
so we're going to try and outrun our
ship that I get advantage of the wing
and outrun huh
we do not want to sing country obviously
which has got the treasure we want so
we'd have to be very careful with our
guns we could shoot at the rudder and
take out her sailing gear but we need to
be very careful with our shots if we get
alongside then we need to affect a
boarding action I've got to clear a
space on the decks and the weapon of
choice to do that is this this is a
flintlock musket okay
so longer the barrel the more accurate
it is and the greater range it has
pistol works in the same way as the
musket so it's a black-powder weapon we
put powder in there than a patch ball
you know it's got a ramrod we Ram it
down and once rammed down that's going
to be secure you need as many of these
things as you can get because they're
single-shot weapons so stick a couple of
you about stick a couple in your sash
stick a couple more prospects and you
can use them a single-shot weapons and
disguise
grenade oohs the hand grenades they may
come out of cast iron full of little
bits of metal or glass old nails that
sort of thing so what it explodes it's
shattered so you see this on the deck
you're gonna move back this is a
blunderbuss
it's like it's a shotgun on steroids oh
the blunderbuss has a flared end a bit
like a trumpet it spreads the shot of
course the wider it spreads the shot the
less some the shot has got so it is only
a very close range weapon the weapon of
choice for the pirate really is going to
be the colors Cutlass has a curved blade
okay so what that means that as it
strikes it's actually imparting slice to
the cut sailors and pirates soon found
that it was the ideal little short
bladed weapon for work on ship it was
genuine historically authentic to use a
pair of swords I've got one in attack
mode and the other is in defense mode as
I attack with this the other one comes
up into pre attack mode
Thanks and fight everyone all around you
so there is no perfect pirate weapon do
you need weapons of range like the
musket close-quarter firearms like
blunderbusses and grenade owes unique
cutlasses and that's what edward kenway
as he has a whole range of weapons
fighting on land as well as the boarding
actions at sea dinner he has a whole
range of weapons for stealth you need a
range of weapons that's what makes
pirates pre-order now for exclusive
in-game missions